Now that we've learned how to change the frame rate for our slow motion clips and we've created our
proxies if needed, it's time to pull our Selex of our content.
So I'm going to go to the footage that I want to start with.
For me in particular, it's going to be my intro shots intro, because it's going to be at the beginning
of the video.
So it makes the most logical sense, Stent's.
It makes the most logical sense to start with.
That content, depending on what footage you're working with, is going to dictate which footage you
start to edit with.
So I'm going to select all these files in our intro folder.
I'm going to right click.
And I'm going to create a new sequence from all of these clips.
That way it's going to drop all my intro shots into one timeline.
Now, you can see that the clips that we previously labeled as our slow motion buro shots are already
separated by color and they're slowed down, which will be perfect for our edit now, because we've
already done a lot of work in real time of this pulling Selex process previously in the course.
I'm probably going to speed this up because we don't need because you don't need to be sitting through
me pulling Selex on literally over two hours of footage.
So I'm going to add a little time lapse here while I'm getting to work and throw on some good music
for you to listen to.
Perfect.
And as I'm pulling Selex here, this is actually the perfect.
I just said perfect twice.
This is a great opportunity for me to share an excellent technique for synchronizing shots from different
camera angles.
Now, remember, at the beginning of this project, when we waiting for our editing software to generate
our peak files, that's these files right here.
These are the waveform files that show you the information in the audio layer.
Now, what we're looking at here is angles from the same scene from two different shots.
OK.
So if we go here, we have our top layer.
And if I turn off that top layer, we have our bottom layer.
Now, these are from the same scene.
But what I want to do now is to go into this scene and sink these layers so that our audio lines up,
because from one layer, we have the visuals.
We want to use the wishes, this one.
But the audio from that layer of creating the content is really bad, because on the other layer of
footage we have where my lavalier mike that I was wearing was connected to creating the content.
And I want.
So what we want to do is sync up this footage with this great visual, with this footage, with the
great audio that we want to use.
So the process of that is to select the two layers that you want to synchronize.
We're going to right click.
We're going to click synchronize.
And boom, now we have.
I'm going to mute the layer that we don't want the footage from.
I'm going to mutilator that.
We don't want the audio from eating the content.
And I wanted to show and we have the proper angle with great sounding audio.
Now, if I only eat that one and now mute this one.
Behind the scenes, that's original.
We're working with that we want to use.
So we got our job done.
But now there's a problem.
If I undo this and we go back.
You can see that when we synched it, this layer hopped over and actually overwrote, deleted, you
know, this layer footage that we don't want to delete.
So the way around that is to always make sure the top layer you're working with is in front of the layer
you're synching it with.
Now, if we do that same exact process I had synchronize it scooting over the top layer.
We're not deleting anything behind it.
And we still got to sink how our clips.
OK, so now what I'm going to do is that same process.
So I'm going to go ahead and scoot everything over.
Bring over our top layer.
Put it in front or before chronologically this clip so that it doesn't push back this clip into what's
behind it.
So no go.
And I'm going to right click it, synchronize boom.
And there we go.
As we can see, it's lined up the audio waveforms.
And the reason I don't just go and select all of these clips and just hit synchronize is because in
premiere specifically, I'm not sure about Final Cut Pro, but you can only do two audio waveforms at
a time to synchronize.
So I'm going to go ahead and do this process to the rest of our clips that we want to sync.
Perfect.
So now I have all of our intro shots for the beginning of our vlog with good audio and get all the shots
needed.
So.
And they're synched up and ready for the rest of our selects to be pulled.